July 9th - 9:00 AM
5 days before the demo.
The client demonstration is just
around the corner,
and Bob has been working very hard.
His final task is to migrate
the Django project from his laptop
to the dev servers.
While working on the shell,
he tries to download a large file
into his home directory.
The download fails after a while
with an error; no space on device.
He runs a DF command and sees that
his home directory is 95% full.
He also sees that
all the mounts
in the DF command
added up to about 50GB in total.
"Didn't it say on the box
that this laptop has
a 128G SSD disk?
Where is the rest of the storage?
Hmm.
I'll have to get this checked with Dave",
thinks Bob,
"But first I need some coffee"
Bob decides to
head down to the cafeteria.
He sees Dave at the counter.
He is in a deep conversation
with another colleague.
Dave spots Bob and calls him over.
Morning Bob! Come on over.
I want to introduce you to
Mohanarajan Manivannan,
our resident Storage Admin.
"You can call me Mohan,"
says Mohanarajan.
"Mohan was just telling me that
we are running out of space
on our production SAN appliance,"
says Dave.
"This is Bob. He's our
new front end developer
who joined the Project Mercury team
two weeks ago."
Bob and Mohan exchanged pleasantries,
and Bob introduces himself.
Bob says, "Dave has been terrific.
He has helped me break into
the world of Linux
after the end Initial hiccups.
I am now fairly comfortable
working in this new environment."
Mohan replies: That's fantastic!
Yes, I remember having
the exact experience
when I joined the firm
eight years ago!
Dave helped me a lot too!
Those days, we used to work on
Fedora 16 and RHEL5.
Things have changed
so much since then!"
Good to know.
I think either of you can help me
understand the storage problem.
I've been seeing on my laptop", says Bob.
"Sorry, Bob.
I have to join an escalation call
in another five minutes.
In fact, I have to leave
right now."
Says Dave, looking at his mobile.
He adds, "Mohan, do you mind
taking a look at Bob's question?
He is a learning machine."
He says, laughing.
In fact, if you have some time to spare,
can you arrange a
storage session with them?"
Mohan smiles, "No problem.
I am free pretty much
every day this week.
So, Bob, just find a suitable slot
and send me a meeting invite."
Bob is excited.
That would be great.
Thank you so much, both of you.
Bob arranges a session later that day.
Later that afternoon, while walking
towards the meeting room
to meet Mohan,
Bob walks past a crowded conference room.
He could see Dave, Donald,
and some other people
he hadn't met inside the
room talking animatedly.
Bob takes a quick glance
at the name of the room.
It read: 7A-052 PROJECT SAPPHIRE.
Someone had scribbled a
couple of words underneath
with a permanent marker that said,
WORK AT RISK MEETING.
Booked, 9-5 until July 10th.
"Ah! So that's the meaning of WAR Meeting."
thinks Bob.
Glad that he was not
part of that meeting.
He carries on and meets up with Mohan
in the adjacent room.